---
title: S.E.R.V.A.N.T.s
---
# Overview

Technology now has a symbiotic relationship with Magecraft, which is further proven by the newly developed S.E.R.V.A.N.T. Mystic Codes.

S.E.R.V.A.N.T. Mystic Codes are similar to normal Mystic Codes. They are magical artifacts that are similar to golems and automatons in design, but with modern technology serving as their structure. Their chassis and exoskeleton is entirely manmade, being a husk that is similar to a cyborg-like body merged with their properties enchanted by magecraft.

S.E.R.V.A.N.T. Mystic Codes enable the summoning of Heroic Spirits in the absence of the Holy Grail.

## Origin

The creation of S.E.R.V.A.N.T. frames is still a mystery. No one knows who created the first processor, but it most likely was someone from after the cataclysm. Aside from containing 10% of the Grail’s data, the processor is also engraved with information on what happened to humanity after that tragic event, keeping summoned Heroic Spirits up to date with the most recent happenings.

However, this is most odd, since the Holy Grail is theorized to have been destroyed after the cataclysm, so it is unknown on how the Grail’s data could be stored inside a processor.

Regardless, **Republic** is credited as the organization that first discovered it.

## Republic & the Neo Holy Empire

Currently, all commercial S.E.R.V.A.N.T. factories are owned by a single organization known as Republic. These frames are sold in most major cities at a premium. Anyone can purchase them, provided they have the necessary funds.

The Neo Holy Empire produces their own S.E.R.V.A.N.T. frames as well, albeit at a much smaller scale and not for sale to the common populace. Only church-affiliated individuals may purchase them. Their technology also slightly differs from that of Republic's.

For more information, please refer to **Republic Frames** and **Church Frames**.

# Spirit Core

The Core of a S.E.R.V.A.N.T. frame is designed on principle to be the closest thing possible to a Spirit Origin Core. Engraved in that core is a powerful processor, one strong enough to hold a mere 10% of the lost Holy Grail's data within.

These complex calculations and remnants of True Magic are normally idle, but activate upon interacting with a summoning ritual. A singular command is then run through the processor, the only feasible command out of the 10% that could be obtained from the Grail: ‘Summon Heroic Spirit’.

Once a Heroic Spirit is summoned, the Mystic Code’s functions gradually change. The processor goes inactive, preventing further summons and becoming the Servant’s own Spirit Core.

**A used, but well-preserved processor chip is a highly effective summoning catalyst**. It can almost, without fail, enable the summoning of the same Heroic Spirit, or a Heroic Spirit with strong ties to the original inhabitant of the processor. As such, deactivated processor chips belonging to powerful Heroic Spirits are highly coveted.

# Serial Number

Every S.E.R.V.A.N.T. frame comes with its own unique **serial number** inscribed onto their core during production. Please refer to **Republic Frames** and **Church Frames** for the differences in their serial numbers’ functions.

## Serial Number Naming Scheme

Every serial number is formed by four sections: **Class**, **Origin**, **Death**, and a **Random Number Identifier**.

*For example, the Serial Number for the prodigious Servant, **King Arthur**, would be written as **SBGB050169**.*

**SB** = Saber

**GB** = Great Britain, their birthplace and origin of their legend.

**0501** = Start of 6th Century, which is Arthur’s rumoured death date.

**69** = Two random digits created by the system. Used as unique identifiers in case two Servants share the same class, origin and death.

Further examples are listed down below, but most serial numbers given to Servants abide by this standard. Certain Servants are given special serial codes, mostly unique identifiers that only owners of the central network can understand. They are usually given to ‘peculiar’ Servants that are worth paying special attention to.

## Serial Number Examples

**ARUR250033** = Gilgamesh

**LCIR000101** = Cu chulainn

**RDMA032367** = Alexander The Great

**ASJP161220** = Sasaki Kojiro

## Serial Number Legend

{{< columns >}} 

### Class

**SB** = Saber

**AR** = Archer

**LC** = Lancer

**RD** = Rider

**AS** = Assassin

**CS** = Caster

**BZ** = Berserker

<---> <!-- magic separator, between columns -->

### Origin

**A**bbreviated **B**irthplace

or

**FI** = Fictional Origin 

**MY** = Mythical Origin

**DE** = Deity/Divine Spirit Origin

{{< /columns >}} 

# Types of Frames

## Republic Frames

**Control Type:** Bonding

**Distribution:** Republic owned venues

**Status:** Operational and In-Stock

**Description:** Republic Frames are outfitted with Republic processors that contain 10% of the Holy Grail’s data. This data grants the Servant frames several key features:

1. A **kill switch** that allows Republic’s network or a bonded Master to disable the Mystic Code, effectively killing the summoned Servant.
2. The ability to **bond** with the summoned Servant, which allows the Master to fuel the Servant with the Master’s own mana instead of relying on mana batteries.\
   *In addition, bonding unlocks a slew of other functions in the Servant frame, such as **telepathy**, **mana sharing**, and **strengthening**.*

Despite Republic’s best attempts at foregoing Bonding and generating Command Spells in their frames, they lack the data to do so. Attempts to reverse engineer the Church’s frames have gone poorly due to the strong encryption the Church inserted in their chips.

**Trust**

**Trust** is the central theme of Republic frames, as they perform best when the Master and Servant are highly compatible. This leads to **bonding**, a process that vastly empowers the Servant frame via **telepathy**, **mana sharing**, and **strengthening**.

## Neo Holy Empire Frames

**Control Type:** Command Spells

**Distribution:** Church owned factories

**Status:** Operational and In-Stock

**Description:** The Church’s frames are outfitted with Church processors that contain data gathered by the numerous Holy Grail Wars that have occurred after the great flood. This data grants the Servant frames several key features:

1. 3 Command Spells that allow the Master to force their Servant to comply with their orders.\
   *They are tied to each Servant summoned. After all 3 Command Spells have been expended, the Servant can no longer receive mana from their Master. They will die when their mana is depleted.*
2. A loss of the Bonding and Kill Switch functions, as well as the ability to ingest Mana Batteries.

Despite the Neo Holy Empire’s attempts at implementing both Bonding and Command Spells into their frames, they are unable to reverse engineer Republic’s processors due to the defensive Geas included in every Republic processor, which causes them to self-destruct if anyone attempts to tamper with them.

**Contract**

There is **no trust** to speak of with Church frames. Telepathy is unnecessary, and strengthening\*\* outside of using command spells is unreliable. The contract between a Master and Servant is as strong as the Command Spells binding them together. Lose them all, and the Servant dies the moment they run out of mana.

## Differences between Republic and Church Frames

{{< columns >}} 

\_ \_

**Replenishing Mana**

**Kill Switch**

**Command Spells**

**Strengthening**

**Telepathy**

**Contracting with a *different* Master**

<---> <!-- magic separator, between columns -->

**Republic Frame (Pre-bonding)**

Recharge via mana batteries, Mana transfer sessions

Controlled by Republic’s network

\---

\---

\---

Yes

Since there is technically no binding ‘contract’ involved, a Servant is free to go with any Master they wish to

<---> <!-- magic separator, between columns -->

**Republic Frame (Post-bonding)**

Mana sharing between the Master and Servant, Mana transfer sessions

Controlled by the Master (reclaimed by Republic if bond is severed)

\---

Yes

Yes

Yes

However, there are consequences attached to breaking the bond with the previous Master

<---> <!-- magic separator, between columns -->

**Church Frame**

Mana sharing between the Master and Servant, Mana transfer sessions

\---

3 spells tied to the summoned Servant Same functionality as canon

\---

\---

Yes/No

The CS provided by the limited processor chip is a one-time feature tied to that specific Servant frame

Contracting with a different Master is possible only if that Servant frame’s CS hasn’t been depleted

{{< /columns >}} 

**Strengthening**

This is not meant to be a direct stat upgrade, **unless** you planned for Servant growth ahead of time (during Signups **before** each new RP season & approved by the mods). Please do not use this feature to justify boosting your Servant stats to beyond what is reasonable or allowed on our server. 

On the other hand, you are more than welcome to give your Servant a weakness, or a defective trait that only goes away after bonding with a Master. 

Just like many other settings of our RP, this is up to the writer’s interpretation and dependent on the Servant in question. 

# Mana Upkeep

A Servant summoned within a S.E.R.V.A.N.T. frame has specific ways to manage their mana upkeep:

1. **(Republic Frames Only)** - Obtaining mana batteries that are designed specifically for S.E.R.V.A.N.T. Mystic Codes. They are commonly available, be it at convenience stores or supermarkets. Only Masters have permission to purchase them legally (See Magic-Mana Batteries).
2. **(Republic & Church Frames)** - Traditional mana transfer sessions.
3. **(Church Frames & Post-bonding Republic Frames)** - Mana sharing enabled by establishing a bond with a Servant (see Summoning & Bonding).

Unlike in the past, Servants in this setting cannot gather raw mana or ether from the environment itself *(see Magic - Mana & Magic Circuits)*.

## Power Level

Regardless of how much mana a Heroic Spirit obtains, they are a far cry from any version of them that could be summoned from the Counter Force or the Throne of Heroes in the Old World. Due to the identical specs used by all of the mass produced S.E.R.V.A.N.T. frames, it could be said that most Heroic Spirits summoned through them have the same baseline ‘power level’ as each other.

# Availability

(This section pertains to **Republic Frames** only. Church Frames are more limited in nature and can only be obtained privately. As such, their availability varies greatly depending on context.)

Despite the prevalence of S.E.R.V.A.N.T. frames, they are still costly to obtain, both legally and illegally. Owning a unit is a hefty investment akin to owning a luxury car, and incidents such as stolen frames are rampant in poorer districts of nomadic cities.

Masters can either purchase a fresh S.E.R.V.A.N.T. frame to activate themselves, or they can go to auctions and bid on ‘prebuilt’ Servants summoned by other, more competent mages.

Aside from competitive environments such as Holy Grail Wars, Servants have fully integrated themselves into the average city life. Their purpose isn't always stellar, sometimes reduced to being trophies for the wealthy or doing manual labour that keeps a city running.

Naturally, not all summoned Servants are content with their new status. Rebellious Servants are quite common, but the existence of the **kill switch (Republic Frames Only)** forces most of them to be complacent. Despite this, Heroic Spirits are still very much necessary for humanity due to the amount of threats that pervade the world.

## Auctions

Many skilled mages are willing to summon Heroic Spirits for buyers in exchange for goods, wares or money. These buyers then put up the Heroic Spirits for sale on auctions, allowing any individual rich enough to purchase them, be it in person or online via the CWW.

These auctions are usually approved by Republic or the Neo Holy Empire and a license must be purchased in order to legally hold an auction. This doesn’t stop black market auctions from happening, however.

# ServantPedia™

Much like magecraft, the widespread summoning of Heroic Spirits has caused humanity to devalue them as a whole. The identity of most Heroic Spirits can be deciphered from a quick online search via an app called ServantPedia™, which contains profiles of most summoned Servants to date. Each nomadic city keeps a copy of ServantPedia's database and syncs it periodically via Republic's networks.

**RP Tips**

Prior to a new Season, a Servant may not have their full information (character sheet) recorded on ServantPedia™. This depends on the Servant's popularity. However, all Servants successfully summoned IRP are canonically recorded on ServantPedia™ at the end of each Season.
