---
title: Republic
weight: 30
---



If you were to ask someone in the current world about Republic, they wouldn’t know what to tell you about them. They would know about their famous Servant frames, their high standards for quality, their services related to the sciences, yet they would be unable to pinpoint what exactly Republic is. Some view it as a corporation, others as a coalition of cities.

Republic is all that, and much more.

One of the earliest factions to show its face in the new world, Republic amassed a sizable following by being the first organization to unveil Servant frames and showcase their potential. Of course, no one believed in their success at first, hence why Republic offered lucrative benefits to any nomadic city willing to host their frames for on field testing. Some, like [Persepolis](../../3-locations/#persepolis), took the bait, allowing their cities to be used as testing labs for the advancement of Servant frames. All that effort paid off, as one can see in the modern day, where Republic frames are currently being used worldwide.

Their success led to economic growth. Economic growth led to more, ambitious tests, much to the world’s surprise. While factions like the Neo Holy Empire would use most of their resources to expand their influence, Republic was perfectly content with doing research and experimentation on its own, being fully devout to its goal of ‘improving humanity’, as the organization’s motto states on their webpage. No wonder they are often seen as a soulless company.

Despite that, others could clearly see the potential behind Republic’s research. If the latter didn’t plan on taking advantage of it, why not become their ally and reap the rewards? That is what several cities thought too, causing Republic to grow bigger as larger and larger cities started approaching the organization for ‘project sharing’ and testing grounds. This resulted in various cities becoming *extensions of Republic*, being allowed to commercialize their research and products on the condition that experimental products go through an in depth screening process before they are allowed into the market.

Therefore, when an average citizen thinks about Republic, they think about corporations, science, research and the future. Not because it represents Republic, but because that is the type of audience Republic has cultivated: Cities willing to do Republic’s bidding in order to get in on that pie of research and development. 

And Republic is perfectly content to be cast in this light. They claim to be an organization dedicated to the betterment of humanity. They call themselves a charitable foundation dedicated to prevent abuse of Servants while utilizing them as tools to rebuild humanity.

But as for Republic’s true goals? Nobody knows. They simply indulge in the sciences, apparently aiming to obtain some sort of breakthrough. Whatever that is, it is clearly something beyond the average human.

Oh, and of course, they **refuse any form of partnership with the Neo Holy Empire.** The reasoning behind that is unknown, but people already have various theories.

# Leadership

Unlike the Church, Republic’s leader seems to have a rather strong aversion to the limelight. Instead of extending their control to every corner of the world, they prefer to let the fruits of their research do the talking. Numerous organizations have aligned themselves with Republic, enticed by the seemingly boundless wealth of technological resources at their disposal. 

# Headquarters

The exact location of their headquarters remains unknown to all. However, many cities have transformed into designated research centers and became their proxies.

# Achievements

Republic’s most notable achievement is that of the invention and development of the original [S.E.R.V.A.N.T. Frames](../../2-world-and-setting/s-e-r-v-a-n-t-s-2024-02-16)
